An update to S68 (Deleted diameter topology) (#1382)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000068/properties/P000204.md

---
space: S000068
property: P000204
value: false
---

> Every Euclidean circle with subspace topology is homeomorphic to {S170} and every two points lie on some common circle.
> Therefore $X\setminus\{p\}$ is {P37} for any $p\in X$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $p\in X$. Every circle with the subspace topology induced from $X$ is homeomorphic to {S170} and any two points in $X\setminus\{p\}$ lie on some common circle avoiding $p$.
Therefore $X\setminus\{p\}$ is {P37}.
```
